sql-statements: add docs for `FETCH FIRST` syntax (#3853)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-select.md

|`GROUP BY` | The `GROUP BY` statement is used to group the result-set.|
|`HAVING where_condition` | The `HAVING` clause and the `WHERE` clause are both used to filter the results. The `HAVING` clause filters the results of `GROUP BY`, while the `WHERE` clause filter the results before aggregation. |
|`ORDER BY` | The `ORDER BY` clause is used to sort the data in ascending or descending order, based on columns, expressions or items in the `select_expr` list.|

> |`LIMIT` | The `LIMIT` clause can be used to constrain the number of rows. `LIMIT` takes one or two numeric arguments. With one argument, the argument specifies the maximum number of rows to return, the first row to return is the first row of the table by default; with two arguments, the first argument specifies the offset of the first row to return, and the second specifies the maximum number of rows to return. It also supports the `FETCH FIRST/NEXT n ROW/ROWS ONLY` syntax, which has the same effect as `LIMIT n`. You can omit `n` in this syntax and the effect is the same as `LIMIT 1`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`LIMIT` | The `LIMIT` clause can be used to constrain the number of rows. `LIMIT` takes one or two numeric arguments. With one argument, the argument specifies the maximum number of rows to return, the first row to return is the first row of the table by default; with two arguments, the first argument specifies the offset of the first row to return, and the second specifies the maximum number of rows to return. TiDB also supports the `FETCH FIRST/NEXT n ROW/ROWS ONLY` syntax, which has the same effect as `LIMIT n`. You can omit `n` in this syntax and its effect is the same as `LIMIT 1`. |
```

> |`LIMIT` | The `LIMIT` clause can be used to constrain the number of rows. `LIMIT` takes one or two numeric arguments. With one argument, the argument specifies the maximum number of rows to return, the first row to return is the first row of the table by default; with two arguments, the first argument specifies the offset of the first row to return, and the second specifies the maximum number of rows to return. It also supports the `FETCH FIRST/NEXT n ROW/ROWS ONLY` syntax, which has the same effect as the `LIMIT n`. You can omit `n` in this syntax, and the effect is the same as `LIMIT 1`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`LIMIT` | The `LIMIT` clause can be used to constrain the number of rows. `LIMIT` takes one or two numeric arguments. With one argument, the argument specifies the maximum number of rows to return, the first row to return is the first row of the table by default; with two arguments, the first argument specifies the offset of the first row to return, and the second specifies the maximum number of rows to return. It also supports the `FETCH FIRST/NEXT n ROW/ROWS ONLY` syntax, which has the same effect as `LIMIT n`. You can omit `n` in this syntax and the effect is the same as `LIMIT 1`. |
```
